Refactor PSP and Vita guides (#21)
LittleBigRefresh/Docs: Docs/topics/patching/psp.md

<warning>This guide is for PSP hardware only! If you are intending to play under Adrenaline, please follow our <a href="vita.md">Vita guide</a>.</warning>

## Step 1: Jailbreak your device and install a CFW

We can't help you with this directly, but there are various guides out there you can go out and find. We personally recommend the guides on [pspunk](https://www.pspunk.com/psp-cfw/).

### Notes on Jailbreaking a PSP

Try to use the latest firmware (6.61 as of writing). 
We recommend PRO-C over other CFWs, as they have not been thoroughly tested with Allefresher yet. 
It is possible to dual-boot CFWs, so if you need a CFW such as ARK-4 for other homebrew, 
we'd recommend dual-booting PRO-C as well until Allefresher is guaranteed to work well on ARK-4.

## Step 2: Go to the browser on your PSP

<note>If you cannot connect your PSP to your main network, try using a password-less hotspot from your computer or phone.</note>

On your PSP's XMB, select `Network` → `Internet Browser`. 
Navigate to the `Address` bar at the top of the screen, and type in `http://psp.littlebigrefresh.com:2095`.

> Select `Download Allefresher`, then select `Memory Stick` (if that is unavailable, select `System Storage`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select `Download Allefresher`, then select `Memory Stick`. If `Memory Stick` is unavailable, select `System Storage` instead.
```

Do the same for `LittleBigRefresh (Domain)` and `LittleBigRefresh (Format)`. 
This installs the plugin, and sets it up to connect to LittleBigRefresh.

> If you are running PRO-C or ME firmware and cannot edit your plugin list, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running PRO-C or ME firmware and/or cannot edit your plugin list, 
```

Author: there isnt an `or` situation here, the only other custom firmware which can load this style of plugin is ARK-4, which has its own builtin manager for installing these on-console, and ive heard there are homebrew apps which can do it for PRO-C/ME, so the only case where you'd need the prebuilt file is when you are on PRO-C/ME and have no ability to edit the file (eg. no PC, and you dont have any homebrew which can do it)

> you can scroll down on the website and download `game.txt` to download a pre-setup config file for Refresh. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can scroll down on the website and download the `game.txt` file, the configuration for LittleBigRefresh. 
```

Author: my original writing here is wrong now that you point it out, i meant to say `Allefresher`, not `Refresh`, since the `game.txt` defines the list of plugins which are loaded on game startup 
the domain/format files are what define the plugin to connect to LittleBigRefresh

so i'll fix that to say Allefresher

> This will clear out all other plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that doing this will clear out all of your enabled plugins.
```

> If you can edit your plugin list, add a new line containing `ms0:/SEPLUGINS/Allefresher.prx 1` to your `game.txt` file located in the `ms0:/SEPLUGINS/` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you *can* easily edit your plugin list, you can add a new line containing `ms0:/SEPLUGINS/Allefresher.prx 1` to your `game.txt` file located in the `ms0:/SEPLUGINS/` folder to enable the plugin.
```

> You may have to create this file/folder if it does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `ms0:/SEPLUGINS/` directory or the `game.txt` file within doesn't exist, you can create them yourself.
```

On ARK-4, you can install the plugin using the built-in file manager. 
Navigate to the ARK-4 custom launcher, press <shortcut>△</shortcut>, then go to `Files`. 
Select `SEPLUGINS`, find `Allefresher.prx`, select it to install, and then click on `Game`.

## Step 3: Finalizing the setup

> Now, we need to check the version of the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we need to check the version of the game and update if necessary.
```
